Fix reflected element reference scope (#40346)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/document_object_model/reflected_attributes/index.md

```

The first thing to note from the code above is that the attribute and the property contain different numbers of elements — the property doesn't _directly_ reflect the attribute because the reference `label_3` does not have a corresponding element.

> It is also possible that a reference will not match because it is [out of scope for the element](#element_reference_scope).

Author: ```suggestion
It is also possible that a reference will not match because the `id` is [out of scope for the element](#element_id_reference_scope).
```

The [`aria-labelledby`](/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/Reference/Attributes/aria-labelledby) attribute of the {{htmlelement("input")}} element references the elements with ids `label_1`, `label_2`, and `label_3`.
However `label_3` is not a valid id in this case because it is not defined in the same scope as the {{htmlelement("input")}} element.
As a result the label will only come from the elements with ids `label_1` and `label_2`.

```html
<div id="in_dom">
  <span id="label_3">(Label 3 Text)</span>
</div>
<div id="host">
  <template shadowrootmode="open">
    <span id="label_1">(Label 1 Text)</span>
    <input aria-labelledby="label_1 label_2 label_3" />
    <span id="label_2">(Label 2 Text)</span>
  </template>
</div>
```

### Reflected element reference scope

When using the [instance properties reflected from ARIA element references](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Element#instance_properties_reflected_from_aria_element_references), such as {{domxref("Element.ariaLabelledByElements")}} for `aria-labelledby`, the scoping rules are a little different.
To be in scope a target element must be in the same DOM as the referencing element, or a parent DOM.

> Elements in nested DOMs are out of scope.

Author: @jcsteh How about this?

```suggestion
Elements in other DOMs, including shadow DOMs that are children or peers of the referring DOM, are out of scope
```
